welcome to slash forward this week the
channels going sexual starting with the
2019 indie horror film Snatchers let's
get to it we open on the credits
sequence full of beautifully phallic
animations with prominence and
foreboding erections we then transition
to modern date in 2012
biology class where it teaches spittin
bout gametes while these former zygotes
plan a weekend rager i'm trying to get
real fayette we then find her main
character sarah trying to reconnect with
her ex skyler but he's matured since his
enlightening trip to mexico and is
following a different path now one that
leads toward orgasms that aren't self
induced at home her mom Kate does a
quick check-in to ensure she's crushing
it before leaving her alone and Sarah
quickly arrives suggestively at Skylar's
residence where they begin a biology
project utilizing traditional
contraceptive methods just unfortunately
he barely presses in before blasted but
she's cool with dad Saul good with her
maturity leveled up she struts through
school like a boss so grown girl when
she rides a roller coaster of emotions
with her friend group
Keanu casually jokes about her acting
like she's pregnant luckily the home
test shows negative unfortunately this
is only because she doesn't observe it
long enough and we learn she's super
pregnant as she wakes up in an
alarmingly advanced state of gestation
with no serious trustworthy members in
her current circle of friends she turns
to her recently discarded bestie Haley
they opted for the free clinic only
having to take the ridicule of a lone
random stranger she seems to be getting
pregnant her by the minute and the
ultrasound shows some abnormal results
while awaiting a second opinion Sara
goes into labor so when the doctor shows
up old Richard rolls up the sleeves and
takes control of the sick there's
nothing down here I haven't seen before
then we watch whatever it is use the
ultrasound tech like a puppet so the
girls get the hell out butt crack to the
wind their joy is short-lived as they
realize Sarah's uterine swelling hasn't
yet subsided indicating possible twins
meanwhile back at the clinic the
protester explores the aftermath and
despite being covered in the blood of
Christ becomes a vessel for the evil
entity as that goes on the girls have
come up with a novel solution to their
potential problem but our interrupted
when Kate comes home with a little
bundle of joy shy about meeting the
world they decide they need
on their side this means visiting Dave
at the old alpaca farm knowing he's got
labour inducing drugs for the livestock
we then get a brief intervening shot
that shows the police have arrived at
the clinic and her on the trail Dave is
eager to help in the spirit of discovery
and we learned Sarah and Haley's
relationship formed around working at
the farm then they cozy up to the wood
chipper while Dave prepares to penetrate
that uterus but that little suckers
hanging on tight and they're interrupted
by officer Ruiz who does the disservice
of calling Sarah's mother as they work
to balance their conflicting goals of
shaming a young lady while also trying
to get a truthful statement about a
major crime everyone is distracted by a
scream from outside this is followed by
a smattering of blood and the appearance
of the alien no one previously believed
in and the police opened fire forcing
the cosmic scorpion to take a new bride
our gang groups up but it suggested the
body hopping alien is looking for the
ones still inside Sarah's belly so they
opted a run for the evidence room to
access the remaining dose of URL to get
it out meanwhile the remaining officers
do what they can to avoid becoming meat
puppets with limited success as they
make a grody escape they witness the
alien take revenge on officer Ruiz for
slowing its progress and Dave also tries
to cover for them but finds himself too
distracted by its beauty the ladies in
search for a thumb of sufficient
authority to get them into the room and
all but Kate managed to make it through
the door however it's too late as they
bear witness to the miracle of birth
Sarah blacks out and wakes up to
discover it was all just a dream just
the black part not everything else and
Hailey's enlisted Skylar's help while
Kate strolls through town finding
sustenance for her new sister-in-law
Skylar insists he didn't come back from
Mexico with any excess baggage and plays
like he's cool with what's happening but
it proves to be too heavy for him and
they hear him peal out in the driveway
meanwhile at the local come and go
nature exhibits its boundless beauty
back at the house the girls look for any
helpful evidence to find Skylar's laptop
blocked as they drive at the Haley's
brother who works IT for a security firm
the biology teacher makes it out of his
dangerous predicament and calls the
police where we find one lone survivor
this sends officer Lewis to the alien
hotspot meanwhile Jerome breaks into the
computer and they find a video that
shows Skylar being facially inseminated
by a fertility statue
they also piece together from various
pictures of the ancients defeated the
Scorch through a cleansing fire
Jerome then gets a word from dispatch
that one of their clients failed to set
their alarm that evening the girls call
and catch the officer on the brink of a
propane celebration causing him to take
a second look and verify that Kate is
actually there so he holds off but then
see
the cocoon is gone and goes in search of
it this results in Sarah and Haley being
forced to piece things together on their
own realizing the alien wants mass
copulation to replicate they go to where
they know the pheromones are absolutely
popping off Kiana's weekend rager they
bust in somewhat conspicuously and find
no aliens initially but then Keanu shows
up wearing a neck scorpion they engage
in a protracted battle that mostly only
results in collateral damage the alien
eventually attaches to Skylar and when
Haley zaps his boner they finally manage
to get it into a blender Sarah then
ventures into the basement alone and
frees her mom from the alien sex organs
when she finds herself pinned and unable
to burn the mama she Plan B's it
injecting her with a full dose of utero
aborting the brood legs and killing the
Queen we see promising ly happy ending
so long as they can keep Skylar's dick
under control and that was Snatchers a
horror comedy that stalled out in a few
places but was put together really well
and had some genuinely funny moments if
you enjoy the video I'd love for you to
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]